Getting Started with Punting Form
This documentation site provides tutorials and advice on how to get the most out of Punting Form.

Suggest Edits
Welcome to Punting Form!

Whether you’re after a smarter form guide, the best available sectional data, or if you’re building a model, we have the data that elevates your punting.

This site also provides a hub for developers looking to automate Punting Form data to create their own smart solutions.


Our Products
Whether you’re after a smarter form guide, the best available sectional data or if you’re building a model, we have the data that elevates your punting.

Free
Discover Punting Form Speed Maps & Form Guides.
Access free Ratings for Saturday metro.


Starter
Access the benchmark in racing data with fully interactive Form Guides, Speed Maps and Ratings.
Use our simple API to access CSV/JSON form and results data.


Professional
Give yourself an edge with 200m sectional benchmark data that the pros use to identify the right horses at their peak.
Plus exclusive race speed assessments, ratings and meeting stats.


Modeller
Find unique edges and bet at scale with access to our modeller ready historical point-in-time database and custom API.
Used by dozens of full-time professionals, bookmakers and betting syndicates.


Free
Discover Punting Form


Form Guide (non-interactive)
Speed Maps (non-interactive)
Meeting Quick Guide Ratings (Sat metro)

Starter
Access exclusive data to bet smarter

$59.00/Month

Everything in FREE, plus:

Full Interactive Form Guide
API Access
Customisable Speed Maps
Meeting Quick Guide Ratings
Extensive Note-Taking Feature
Worksheets and Personal Ratings
Historical Run Style Analysis
Jockey & Trainer Performance Analysis

Professional
Beat the bookies with benchmark sectional data

$297.00/Month

Everything in STARTER, plus:

Sectional data for AU/HK/SG
Raw times for 200m increments
Every horse, every sectional for all TAB meetings
Benchmark data for 200m increments
Fastest at meeting rankings & stats
Race speed assessments & ratings

Modeller
Beat the Exchange with API integrations

sales@puntingform.com.au

Everything in PRO, plus:

API Access to Sectional data
Punting Form Analytics
Option to purchase historical sectional data
Option to purchase modelling-ready point-in-time data
Personal use only
Access historical Betfair prices and flucs data